Clarify option literalness details (#1027)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/formatting.md

its formatted representation requires isolation
from the surrounding text.

For each _option_ value, the _resolved value_ MUST indicate if the value
was directly set with a _literal_, as opposed to being resolved from a _variable_.
This is to allow _functions handlers_ to require specific _options_ to be set using _literals_.

> For example, the _default functions_ `:number` and `:integer` require that the _option_
> `select` be set with a _literal_ (`plural`, `ordinal`, or `exact`). 
> Allowing a _variable_ in this _option_ would produce a _message_ that 

> > is difficult to translate because the set of _keys_ is tied to the _selector_ chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> is impossible to translate because the set of _keys_ is tied to the _selector_ chosen.
```

To allow for _function handlers_ to ensure that certain _option_ values are set by _literals_,
the _resolved value_ of each _option_ value MUST include information about 
whether the _option_ value is a _literal_ or a _variable_.

> Note that this information is irrelevant for a _resolved value_ that is not used as the value of an _option_.

Reviewer 2: Hmm. Is it perhaps not clear that "_option_ value" is a syntax feature? This phrase seems to imply that a _resolved value_ could be an _option_ value, and that doesn't really make sense.

We probably ought to explicitly define _option value_ as a term in the Syntax section.

Reviewer: > We probably ought to explicitly define option value as a term in the Syntax section.

Absolutely!

Reviewer 3: Let's do that in a separate PR.

> To allow for _function handlers_ to ensure that certain _option_ values are set by _literals_,
> the _resolved value_ of each _option_ value MUST include information about 
> whether the _option_ value is a _literal_ or a _variable_.
> Note that this information is irrelevant for a _resolved value_ that is not used as the value of an _option_.

Reviewer 3: I would do this differently?

```suggestion
For each _option_ value, the _resolved value_ MUST indicate if the value
was directly set with a _literal_, as opposed to being resolved from a _variable_.
This is to allow _functions handlers_ to require specific _options_ to be set using _literals_.

> For example, the _default functions_ `:number` and `:integer` require that the _option_
> `select` be set with a _literal_ (`plural`, `ordinal`, or `exact`). 
> Allowing a _variable_ in this _option_ would produce a _message_ that 
> is difficult to translate because the set of _keys_ is tied to the _selector_ chosen.

> [!NOTE]
> Such information is irrelevant for _resolved values_ not used as the value of an _option_.
```

Reviewer: > is difficult to translate because the set of _keys_ is tied to the _selector_ chosen.
=>
is impossible to translate because the set of _keys_ is tied to the _selector_ chosen.

Author: @aphillips Accepted suggestion.

      1. If supported, emit a _Bad Option_ error.
   1. Else:
      1. If the _option_ value consists of a _literal_:

>          1. Mark `rv` as a literal option value.

Reviewer 3: I like this wording change very much

Reviewer 2: This change does seem good.
